fix: inconsistent seoUrls for cross-selling products (#11550)
shopware/platform: changelog/_unreleased/2025-07-29-fix-inconsistent-seourls-for-cross-selling-products.md

---
title: Fix inconsistent seoUrls for cross-selling products
issue: 11550
---
# Core

> * Added new method `Shopware\Core\Content\Seo\SalesChannel\SeoResolverData::getAll` to returns all items with the given entity and identifier

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added new method `Shopware\Core\Content\Seo\SalesChannel\SeoResolverData::getAll` to return all items with the given entity and identifier
```

> * Deprecated method `Shopware\Core\Content\Seo\SalesChannel\SeoResolverData::get`, please use `getAll` instead because `get` returns only the first item with could lead to other items with the same entity and identifier are ignored

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Deprecated method `Shopware\Core\Content\Seo\SalesChannel\SeoResolverData::get`, use `getAll` instead, as `get` returns only the first item which could lead to other items with the same entity and identifier being ignored
```

___

> # Upgrade Information

Reviewer: this won't work

you need to separate those two headlines. 
`# Upgrade Information` should state, that a deprecation is introduced and what the alternatives are. 
`# Next Major Version Changes` then needs to tell, what was removed and what should be used instead

# Next Major Version Changes
## Deprecate method Shopware\Core\Content\Seo\SalesChannel\SeoResolverData::get:

In some occasions, the method `Shopware\Core\Content\Seo\SalesChannel\SeoResolverData::get` was used to retrieve a single item based on its entity and identifier. However, this method only returns the first item found, which can lead to inconsistencies when multiple items share the same entity and identifier.
So we will introduce a new method `Shopware\Core\Content\Seo\SalesChannel\SeoResolverData::getAll` that returns all items with the given entity and identifier. This change ensures that all relevant items are considered, preventing potential seoUrls loss or misrepresentation.

> This will lead to, if you use the method `get` in your code, you have to adapt the `getAll` method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will lead to issues, if you use the method `get` in your code, you have to use the `getAll` method.
```

there is a word missing :grin:

---
title: Fix inconsistent seoUrls for cross-selling products
issue: 11550
---
# Core
* Added new method `Shopware\Core\Content\Seo\SalesChannel\SeoResolverData::getAll` to return all items with the given entity and identifier
* Deprecated method `Shopware\Core\Content\Seo\SalesChannel\SeoResolverData::get`, please use `getAll` instead, as `get` returns only the first item which could lead to other items with the same entity and identifier being ignored
___
# Upgrade Information

> ## Deprecate method Shopware\Core\Content\Seo\SalesChannel\SeoResolverData::get

Reviewer: this should already mention the new method. so basically saying the `get` method is deprecated and will be removed with the next major and then this is the new alternative which should be used now. 

you can already add the before/after examples here. 

the `# Next Major Version Changes` then just states that the `get` method was removed and that they should use the `getAll` method instead. before/after could also be added here. 

be aware, that those sections will be extracted from this changelog file and go into two different upgrade guide files, first in the 6.7 file and second into the 6.8 file. 

so we kinda need to duplicate the content a bit. but it is still slightly different, as we introduce the deprecation first and then second remove it

Author: that's make sense 👍🏽 I updated it again

In some occasions, the method `Shopware\Core\Content\Seo\SalesChannel\SeoResolverData::get` was used to retrieve a single item based on its entity and identifier. However, this method only returns the first item found, which can lead to inconsistencies when multiple items share the same entity and identifier.
Because of this, we have introduced a new method `Shopware\Core\Content\Seo\SalesChannel\SeoResolverData::getAll` that retrieves all items with the given entity and identifier. This change ensures that all relevant items are considered, preventing potential seoUrls loss or misrepresentation.

Before

```php
$url = 'https://example.com/cross-selling/product-123';
// Only a single entity is retrieved
$entity = $data->get($definition, $url->getForeignKey());
$seoUrls = $entity->getSeoUrls();
$seoUrls->add($url);
```

After

```php
$url = 'https://example.com/cross-selling/product-123'; 
$entities = $data->getAll($definition, $url->getForeignKey());

// Now you have to loop through all entities to add the SEO URL
foreach ($entities as $entity) {
    $seoUrls = $entity->getSeoUrls();
    $seoUrls->add($url);
}
```

___
# Next Major Version Changes

> ## Introduce new method Shopware\Core\Content\Seo\SalesChannel\SeoResolverData::getAll

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Remove method Shopware\Core\Content\Seo\SalesChannel\SeoResolverData::get
```

> The method `Shopware\Core\Content\Seo\SalesChannel\SeoResolverData::get` will be removed as it's no longer used because it only returns the first entity found, which can lead to inconsistencies when multiple items share the same entity and identifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The method `Shopware\Core\Content\Seo\SalesChannel\SeoResolverData::get` was removed as it's no longer used because it only returns the first entity found, which can lead to inconsistencies when multiple items share the same entity and identifier.
```

Reviewer: at this point, the method will already be removed :wink:

> We will introduce a new method `Shopware\Core\Content\Seo\SalesChannel\SeoResolverData::getAll` that returns all items with the given entity and identifier. This change ensures that all relevant items are considered, preventing potential seoUrls loss or misrepresentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new method `Shopware\Core\Content\Seo\SalesChannel\SeoResolverData::getAll` was introduced which returns all items with the given entity and identifier. This change ensures that all relevant items are considered, preventing potential seoUrls loss or misrepresentation.
```

> This will lead to the this change, if you use the method `get` in your code, you have to use the `getAll` method instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use the method `get` in your code, you have to use the `getAll` method instead.
```
